typo (#3)
dortania/Wireless-Buyers-Guide: misc/intel.md

* [AppleIntelWifi on MacOS](https://intelwifi.0xcc.pw/)

> Please do not bombard them will issues and such about support, if you're not willing to provide logs then I recommend staying away until official release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please do not bombard them with issues and such about support, if you're not willing to provide logs then we recommend staying away until the official release.
```
